(announcer)
Previously on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh!
ARC‐V"...
It's time for today's
third mega match up!
It's You Show School's
Sora Perse
versus Leo Institute's
Shay Obsidian!
I can't believe Shay's dueling
for the Leo Institute
after all the drama
he had with Julia.
Shay was the one who
attacked Julia's professor
and all those LID students.
Something weird's
definitely going on here.
Fusion Summoners like you
deserve no mercy.
And none will be shown!
(both)
Let's duel!
Let's make this
the funnest show
anybody here's
ever seen!
The days of dueling for fun
no longer exist for me
and my friends.
Dueling is about survival.
Huh?
The joy and happiness,
it was all taken away
that day.
They just showed up,
they wrecked our city.
The enemy took
everything away from us.
What city?
Who was this enemy?!
Countless were taken
on that dark day.
I Xyz Summon!
Witness the assent of
Raidraptor Rise Falcon!
Attack with
Ravaging Rebellion!
Ahh!
(Nico)
Unbelievable!
Will Sora be able to stand up
to this aerial onslaught?
You better get ready
for some plot twists.
And I'm sure you won't
like the ending!
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Nico)
Shay's aerial onslaught
has wiped all of
Sora's monsters off his field!
Can Sora do anything
to get back into this game?
Just watch me. Ha!
I think my Edge Imp Saw
can cut the mustard!
With this razor sharp
shredder out,
I can send a Fluffal monster
in my hand to the graveyard
to draw two more cards.
Nice.
I activate the spell
Fusion Conscription.
I get a monster from my deck
that I can use
to Fusion Summon.
(thinking)
This will bring the house to
its feet and Shay to his knees.
Now watch closely!
Uh, I could use a spotlight
over here, please!
And away we go!
Ha ha!
This kid's a showman
just like Sakaki!
He is like me.
He's picked a great
role model, Yuya.
Let's manufacture
a little mayhem
with the spell
Frightfur Factory!
By banishing Polymerization
from my graveyard,
I'm allowed to Fusion Summon
another Frightfur monster.
So without further ado,
I'm going to fuse
Edge Imp Saw and Fluffal Leo!
Oh, what a cute lion!
It's awesome!
(Sora)
Sharpened steel
and ruler of the jungle,
when the two come together,
prepare to rumble!
I Fusion Summon...
Frightfur Leo!
(crying)
Mommy, that's too scary!
Is Shay running away
from this terrifying toy?
Ha! Don't you
wanna play, Shay?
He won't get too far...
not from Frightfur Leo's
special ability!
It destroys your monster
and you take
its attack points as damage!
I activate the
Action Spell Mirror Barrier
to keep Rise Falcon safe
and my life points secure!
Huh?
(groaning)
Sora's Frightfur Leo's been
caged like a wild animal!
And that means
big trouble for Sora!
Shay obviously knows
exactly what he's doing
with his trap
and spell cards.
He's quite impressive.
Mr. President,
if I may,
where do you think
Shay learned to duel
with such precision
and foresight?
Skills like his
can only be developed
under the most strenuous
of circumstances.
Circumstances
where your decisions
affect the lives of
those around you.
Frightfur Leo,
saw your way out!
I must say,
Sora's monster
is certainly
cutting the competition
to the quick!
Sorry, but when Frightfur
Leo does something,
it always creates
a big buzz!
And now that my Leo's
on the prowl again,
your Falcon's
back in the lion's den!
I admit grabbing
that Action Card
to protect you and your
monster was a nice try,
but there's no real
protection from a monster
that's all claws and saws.
A Leo with
2,400 attack points
versus a bird
with just 100
means your wings
are about to get clipped!
Leo...
pounce on Raidraptor
Rise Falcon!
I activate
the trap card Adversity!
Since your Leo has more
attack points than Rise Falcon,
this trap protects
my monster
and my life points
once again!
Not only that,
my monster also gains
an extra 1,000 attack points!
No way!
That was spectacular!
Shay not only snatched his
Falcon from the saws of defeat,
he picked up some attack points
in the process!
Tremendous trapping, Shay!
I agree.
We could use this guy.
Ahh!
I'll bash that
big turkey, Shay!
But for now,
I end my turn!
Whoa, Sora's not too happy.
This is the first time
I've ever seen him angry.
Simmer down!
Even if he burns you up,
you gotta keep your cool!
Don't blow a gasket!
I know!
Don't worry,
I just lost it for a second.
I'm fine now,
it's all good!
Let's see how good you are
after I activate
Falcon's special ability.
By using one Overlay Unit,
it gains the attack points
of your Frightfur Leo.
Rise Falcon,
attack Frightfur Leo!
Guess again, Shay!
I play Evasion
to dodge your attack!
It won't work
'cause I'm activating
the trap Raptor's Storm!
This trap
stops your spell,
so you're not
evading anything!
Your Leo's about to
get blasted...
and so are you!
No!
(both)
Sora!
I place two cards facedown
and end my turn.
Rise Falcon's
special ability ends
and its attack points
return to normal.
(Yuya)
Sora, you all right?
(Sora grunting)
You're really
starting to bug me.
I've been too easy on you
so far, Shay.
But now, I'm taking
the gloves off.
I'm taking this brawl
to the wall.
Let's get it on!
First up, I activate
the spell card Suture Rebirth,
which lets me stitch
my Fluffal Sheep back together
so it's good as new!
Then I activate
the spell Frightfur Factory.
By banishing Fusion Conscription
from my graveyard,
I'm allowed to fuse two
of my monster's together!
Chain of destruction,
Wool of warrior,
when the two come together,
none are superior!
I Fusion Summon!
Presenting...
the heavyweight
champion‐sheep of chains,
Frightfur Sheep!
When this baaa‐d boy
attacks you,
you can't activate
your spell or trap cards!
That really puts you
up against the ropes.
Well, this should be
interesting.
Go, Frightfur Sheep!
Attack Raidraptor
Rise Falcon!
All right!
The way Sora shut down
all of Shay's spells and traps,
he couldn't do anything!
My gooses is all pickley!
You think you outplayed me
because you destroyed
my monster?
Well, you shouldn't
pat yourself on the back yet
because you can't get rid of
my birds that easily.
Huh?!
I activate the spell card
Rank‐Up‐Magic Raptor's Force!
This card ranks up
the Rise Falcon you destroyed
into an even more
powerful monster.
More powerful?
(screaming, gasping)
Terror of the skies,
predator of blazing force
with wings that slash
and talons that tear...
go, Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
Rise up, Raidraptor
Blaze Falcon!
(Nico)
Shay's taken this battle
to new heights
as he's summoned
a ferocious new Raidraptor!
Can he use it to soar
over Sora and win this duel?
That's an Xyz
Summon technique
I haven't even
learned at school yet.
Shay's on a totally
different level.
He's on a level
beyond levels!
(chuckling)
Slick move, Shay!
I underestimated you
as an entertainer.
You really know how
to cook up the drama.
And the crowd's
obviously loving it.
I hate to admit this,
but I'm really
loving it, too!
Now it's your turn
in the spotlight.
So let's see
what you got.
Come on, Shay,
entertain me.
Entertain?
I highly doubt you'll find
destruction and defeat
very entertaining.
Huh?
My turn!
I activate my Falcon's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
it can destroy the monster
on your field
and you take 500 points
of damage for it!
Now that's a special
special ability, folks!
My trap card'll stop that...
Frightfur Defender!
It doesn't just save
my Frightfur Sheep,
it gives it 800 extra
attack points!
(Nico)
The scrappy young Sora
shuts Shay down once again
and roars to
a commanding advantage
with that attack point
power up!
Yeah, you sure
showed him, Sora!
But the city!
(gasps)
(gasping)
I don't care how strong
that Sheep is...
Blaze Falcon's
special ability
lets it attack you directly.
(Nico)
Shay's turning up the heat
and he's got Sora on the run!
Ahh!
Ahh! The whole
building's collapsing!
Look out!
Sora!
Huh?
Amazing.
Those maneuvers
are incredible.
Since Blaze Falcon
dealt you damage,
its special ability destroys
your Frightfur Sheep.
No way!
I activate the Action Spell
Mirror Barrier!
So my Frightfur Leo's
gonna stick around
safe and sound.
Sora saves himself
with an Action Spell!
How very ironic
that it's the same spell
that Shay used himself.
I play the trap...
Raptor's Storm!
You thought you
protected yourself,
but this gust is going to
blow that spell away!
Another shocker from Shay!
All right!
Even that spell couldn't
protect that kid's sheep from
Shay!
He's always prepared for
whatever Sora springs on him.
That's the sign of
a real pro.
This duel is like a seesaw.
Two titans slugging it out
toe‐to‐toe
and the crowd's thrilled!
Except for that little girl.
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
I'm almost
through with you.
But don't worry,
the worst is still to come.
Now you know what it's like
to be helpless like we were.
Helpless as you
and your fusion friends
launched a surprise attack
on our home.
The difference between us
and you, though?
We always found a way
to fight back,
even when the odds
were stacked against us.
Shay's acting crazy.
What's going on?
Ha ha!
You think I'm through?
You think I'm one bit worried
about losing to you?
If you do, you're a bigger
sucker than I thought you were.
Poor Shay...
still thinking
you have a chance.
Well, here's
a reality check!
You're going to lose.
It's the one thing
you're good at.
Isn't that right, Shay?
You were no match for us
when we attacked
and you're no match
for me now!
And now Sora's
talking crazy!
What's going on
between these two?
(gasping)
Let's play!
I activate the spell
Frightfur Fusion!
By banishing
Frightfur Bear,
Frightfur Leo
and Frightfur Sheep,
I can Fusion Summon
a frightening new
Frightfur monster!
Fury of bear, king of
the jungle, sheep of chains,
when the three come together,
victory is attained!
I Fusion Summon!
Come on out,
my mighty mash‐up,
Frightfur Chimera!
(murmuring)
Ready?
Frightfur Chimera,
attack Blaze Falcon!
Chimera's special
ability activates.
The monster it destroys
is summoned on to my field
to use anyway I please.
And for every monster
I take control of
using this special ability,
my Frightfur Chimera gains
an additional 300 attack points.
You see, Shay?
Weaklings like you
can't win.
That's why you're so much
fun to hunt down and destroy!
You see, Shay?
Weaklings like you
can't win.
That's why you're so much
fun to hunt down and destroy!
Always were,
always will be!
Why's Sora
acting so mean?
Finishing you off by wiping
you out with your own monster
makes things
so much more entertaining.
You only have
400 life points left,
so if Blaze Falcon
attacks you,
it will end this duel!
No, it won't.
It won't?
When you're forced
to be a duelist
fighting for his freedom,
you learn to always prepare
for any worst‐case scenario.
We even think about
what to do
if one of us
is taken by the enemy.
(gasps)
And there's
oneunbreakable rule‐‐
we never leave
anyone behind.
We get our comrades back.
And that's what
I plan to do!
I activate the spell
Rank‐Up‐Magic Revolution Force!
It lets me get
my Blaze Falcon back!
Huh? What?
Now, it ranks up to become
an even stronger monster!
Ahh!
Fiercest falcon,
set your wings ablaze
and lock your gaze
on our ill‐fated foe!
Now, make it so!
Go, Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
Emerge, Raidraptor
Revolution Falcon!
Watch him closely, Riley.
If what I believe is true,
then he might be the key
to helping us save our world.
Huh?
Ha. Nice try, Shay.
But your bluff
doesn't scare me,
not for a second.
Your monster's only got
2,000 attack points.
My Frightfur Chimera's
got 2,800 attack points,
so you can't destroy it!
Just watch me.
Huh? Really?
Just another one of
your bluffs, Shay.
You talk a good game,
but take a look around.
You don't have what it takes
to pull out a win.
Sora, just walk away!
He's dangerous!
I activate Revolution Falcon's
special ability!
It destroys your monster
and you take damage equal
to half its attack points.
Oh, no!
Go, Revolution Falcon!
Burn, blaze,
torch the enemy!
Stop it!
This isn't how you should duel!
Dueling is supposed to make
people happy, not scare them!
Ahh!
Oh, no!
Sora!
(gasps)
We have a winner!
This duel goes to Shay!
(gasping)
(Declan)
Leave him.
This is neither the time,
nor the place
for any further action.
Our goal is to
obtain information
and that is what
I intend to do.
I'll see to it
that he tells us everything
he knows about our enemies,
especially Duel Academy.
Understood?
Wait!
The battle's
not over yet.
(grunting)
I can't...
I can't lose...
Not to an Xyz Summoner!
It's impossible!
No, Shay!
Duel me!
I... want a rematch!
You have to duel me!
Don't go!
Sora!
No!
♪